h1. NewUpload Behavior

An Upload Behavior for CakePHP 2.0 
This behavior allows you to optionally store in a database the information about your uploads.

h2. Installation

Get a copy of the code on GitHub.

Some methods to get code:
* Download the source code at this link: "Download code from the branch master":https://github.com/vitorpc/NewUpload/zipball/master
* Add it as a submodule of your project: <code>git submodule add git://github.com/vitorpc/NewUpload.git Plugin/NewUpload</code>
* Make a clone of the project: <code>git clone git://github.com/vitorpc/NewUpload.git Plugin/NewUpload</code>
* Add to your Config/bootstrap.php the following code: <code>CakePlugin::load('NewUpload');</code>

h2. Usage

You must specify the property <code>$actsAs</code> in their model.

h3. Basic

<pre>
<code>
<?php
class Image extends AppModel {
	public $actsAs = array(
		'NewUpload.NewUpload' => array('file')
	);
}
</code>
</pre>

h3. Full Usage

<pre>
<code>
<?php
class Image extends AppModel {
	public $actsAs = array(
		'NewUpload.NewUpload' => array(
			'file' => array(
				// you can use shortcuts like: {DS} and {ModelName}
				'dir' => '/path/to/images/folder/',		
				// can be 'fix' or 'random'
				'adjustFilename' => 'fix',
				// fields of database
				'fields' => array(
					// type: VARCHAR(255)
					'dir' => 'dir_field',
					// type: VARCHAR(255)
					'mimetype' => 'mimetype_field',
					// type: INT
					'size' => 'size_field,
				), 
			)
		)
	);
}
</code>
</pre>

h3. View

In your view, you must define the type of form and field to file, if you are using the additional fields they should be defined as hidden.

<pre>
<code>
<?php
echo $this->Form->create('Image', array('type' => 'file'));
echo $this->Form->input('image', array('type' => 'file'));
echo $this->Form->input('dir', array('type' => 'hidden'));
echo $this->Form->input('mimetype', array('type' => 'hidden'));
echo $this->Form->input('size', array('type' => 'hidden'));
?>
</code>
</pre>

h2. Copyright

This project is based on "MeioUpload":https://github.com/jrbasso/MeioUpload plugin of Juan Basso. The copyright of the code snippets derived from this plugin belongs to its author.